Fix COPY FROM resulting in dulicate data due to consecutive SocketTimeout (#13261)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Fixed an issue that caused the generated expressions on columns of type
  ``GEO_SHAPE`` not being evaluated on writes and such being ignored.

> - Fixed an issue that could generate duplicate data while executing
>   ``COPY FROM``. The trigger was a ``SocketTimeoutException`` being thrown
>   while recovering from another ``SocketTimeoutException``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that could generate duplicate data on
  ``COPY FROM`` while some internal retries were happening
  due to I/O errors e.g. socket timeouts.
```
